floww: workflow management improvements (#319)
vicinaehq/extensions: extensions/floww/README.md

- **Search & Filter**: Search workflows by name and description
- **One-Click Application**: Apply workflows with a single click
- **Multi-Format Support**: Supports YAML, JSON, and TOML workflow files
- **Remove Workflow**: Delete workflows directly from the extension
- **Workflow Validation**: Validate workflows before applying

> - **Fast Loading**: Sub-10ms load times via persistent caching and parallel I/O

Reviewer: **🟠 Warning — Sub-10ms loading claim does not match the implementation**

Rule: `MANIFEST-001`

The persistent cache stores only the binary path; workflow loading still stats, reads, and parses every workflow and then reads each displayed file again. The implementation cannot support the stated sub-10ms guarantee.

**Suggested resolution:** Remove the timing guarantee and describe only the implemented parallel file loading and binary-path caching.

```suggestion
- **Fast Loading**: Parallel workflow loading with cached binary-path resolution
```

2. Ensure Floww CLI is installed and configured
3. Create some workflows using `floww add`

## Preferences

- **Floww Binary Path**: Custom path to the floww binary. Leave empty for auto-detection in `~/.local/bin/floww` or PATH.
- **Editor Path**: Path to your terminal editor (e.g. `/usr/bin/nvim`, `/usr/bin/vim`). Used when editing workflows.

## Actions

- **Apply Workflow** (`⌘⏎`): Execute the selected workflow
- **Validate Workflow** (`⌘V`): Check if the workflow is valid

> - **Edit Workflow** (`⌘E`): Open the workflow file in your default editor

Reviewer: **🟠 Warning — Edit action does not use the default editor**

Rule: `MANIFEST-001`

The documentation says the default editor is opened, but editWorkflow requires editorPath and does not consult $EDITOR or another default.

**Suggested resolution:** Describe the configured terminal editor, or implement the documented default-editor fallback.

```suggestion
- **Edit Workflow** (`⌘E`): Open the workflow file in the configured terminal editor
```
